doc: fix missed doc and help msg about firewall plugin (#1285)
containerd/nerdctl: README.md

### :whale: nerdctl network create
Create a network

> :information_source: To isolate CNI bridge, CNI plugin [firewall](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/meta/firewall/)(>= `v1.1.0`), or [CNI isolation plugin](https://github.com/AkihiroSuda/cni-isolation) needs to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:information_source: To isolate CNI bridge, CNI plugins v1.1.0 or later needs to be installed.
```

Probably no need to mention the deprecated isolation plugin

Author: SGTM
